The Servo Calibration script is a script meant to measure the input and output responses of a hobby servo.

The control pin for the servo should be attached to digital pin 9. The output response is recorded by measuring
the resistance across the internal potentiometer of the servo. This will require some disassembly and soldering of
the servo that is to be tested. When properly hooked up, the voltage representing the angle of the servo arm
should be able to be measured across analog pin A0.

The program must be run with the Arduino hooked up to a computer in order to communicate with the computer over
the serial monitor. The serial monitor provides the data output that can be analyzed later on as well as allows
the user to command the program to perform the required tests.

The first test that a user should perform is the sweep and hold test. This is a slight modification of the servo
sweep function in the Arduino example files. The test will simply sweep from 0 to 180 degrees, hold for a bit, and
then sweep down again. This is useful for identifying the "dead zones" that may be present in your servo. The
servo may only respond to a signal between a maximum deflection angle and a minimum deflection angle. The results
from this test should allow you to find both the maximum and the minimum.

Once the results from this test have been analyzed, the user should use option 5 in the main menu in order to
change the maximum and minimum angles that the program uses for all other tests.

The step response test starts the test with the input at 45 degrees, before stepping up to 135 degrees. These
values can be changed before compiling if desired, although I would reccomend not venturing near either the
maximum or minimum values of your servo deflection for this test.

The ramp response is equivalent to an impulse response. In this test, the input holds at the minimum value set by
the user, which is 0 by default, and rises linearly to the maximum value, which defaults to 180. The speed of the
movement is 180 degrees per second, although this can be changed by hand before compiling.

The sinusoidal response creates and sinusoidal input with an amplitude of 60 degrees, although this range will
automatically decrease itself if the maximum or minimum values prohibit an amplitude of this magnitude. The
midpoint of this sinusoidal wave will be the midpoint between the maximum and minimum values.


Using these tests, the user should be able to scale the voltage readings to match the corresponding deflection
angles, particularly with the step response, which will hold for a while in order to allow you to scale the plots
appropriately. Once the values are scaled, the user can then use a tool like the System Identification toolbox in
Matlab in order to characterize the performance of the hobby servo being tested with a transfer function.
